[OSDOCS#17136]: Changes as per CQA guidelines (#111163)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/microshift-certificate-rotation.adoc

= Certificate rotation

[role="_abstract"]

> {microshift-short} rotates certificates that are expired or close to expiration to ensure continued operation. Certificate rotation can occur automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Certificates that are expired or close to their expiration dates must be rotated to ensure continued {microshift-short} operation. Certificate rotation can occur automatically.
```
This is not true, actually. MicroShift does **not** rotate certificates; the user has to set this up elsewhere; it restarts if they are old, but it the rotation happens on the cert management side

> When {microshift-short} restarts for any reason, it rotates certificates that are close to expiring. A certificate that is about to expire or has already expired can also trigger an automatic {microshift-short} restart and rotation.

Reviewer: revert, not true
